README.md, before:

# poker-brain

## Setup
- Create empty directories in your project:
```bash
mkdir ./data ./images ./models ./zoo_models
```
- Run docker container
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## Prepare data
- Copy images and annotation files to ./images directory
- Convert images to TF_Record format:
```bash
# Run from /models/research folder

python /sh/create_pascal_tf_record.py \
    --label_map_path=/data/poker_label_map.pbtxt \
    --data_dir=/images/POKER20181113 \
    --year=Poker2018 \
    --set=train \
    --output_path=/data/poker_train.record

python /sh/create_pascal_tf_record.py \
    --label_map_path=/data/poker_label_map.pbtxt \
    --data_dir=/images/POKER20181113 \
    --year=Poker2018 \
    --set=val \
    --output_path=/data/poker_val.record
```

## Run model training
- Adjust existing model with checkpoints and config
- Run actual training
```bash
# From the tensorflow/models/research/ directory

PIPELINE_CONFIG_PATH=/models/2018-11-13_ssdlite_mobilenet_v2/ssdlite_mobilenet_v2_coco.config
MODEL_DIR=/models/2018-11-13_ssdlite_mobilenet_v2
NUM_TRAIN_STEPS=50000
SAMPLE_1_OF_N_EVAL_EXAMPLES=1
python object_detection/model_main.py \
    --pipeline_config_path=${PIPELINE_CONFIG_PATH} \
    --model_dir=${MODEL_DIR} \
    --num_train_steps=${NUM_TRAIN_STEPS} \
    --sample_1_of_n_eval_examples=$SAMPLE_1_OF_N_EVAL_EXAMPLES \
    --alsologtostderr
```

Commit message:

Fix tensorflow-serving service in docker-compose and extract ENV variables to file.

README.md, after:

# poker-vision

## Setup
- Create empty directories in your project:
```bash
mkdir ./data ./images ./models ./zoo_models
```
- Run docker container
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## Prepare data
- Copy images and annotation files to ./images directory
- Convert images to TF_Record format:
```bash
# Run from /models/research folder

python /sh/create_pascal_tf_record.py \
    --label_map_path=/data/poker_label_map.pbtxt \
    --data_dir=/images/POKER20181113 \
    --year=Poker2018 \
    --set=train \
    --output_path=/data/poker_train.record

python /sh/create_pascal_tf_record.py \
    --label_map_path=/data/poker_label_map.pbtxt \
    --data_dir=/images/POKER20181113 \
    --year=Poker2018 \
    --set=val \
    --output_path=/data/poker_val.record
```

## Run model training
- Adjust existing model with checkpoints and config
- Run actual training
```bash
# From the tensorflow/models/research/ directory

PIPELINE_CONFIG_PATH=/models/2018-11-13_ssdlite_mobilenet_v2/ssdlite_mobilenet_v2_coco.config
MODEL_DIR=/models/2018-11-13_ssdlite_mobilenet_v2
NUM_TRAIN_STEPS=50000
SAMPLE_1_OF_N_EVAL_EXAMPLES=1
python object_detection/model_main.py \
    --pipeline_config_path=${PIPELINE_CONFIG_PATH} \
    --model_dir=${MODEL_DIR} \
    --num_train_steps=${NUM_TRAIN_STEPS} \
    --sample_1_of_n_eval_examples=$SAMPLE_1_OF_N_EVAL_EXAMPLES \
    --alsologtostderr
```

## Export frozen_model for inference

```bash
# From tensorflow/models/research/
INPUT_TYPE=image_tensor
PIPELINE_CONFIG_PATH={path to pipeline config file}
TRAINED_CKPT_PREFIX={path to model.ckpt}
EXPORT_DIR={path to folder that will be used for export}
python object_detection/export_inference_graph.py \
    --input_type=${INPUT_TYPE} \
    --pipeline_config_path=${PIPELINE_CONFIG_PATH} \
    --trained_checkpoint_prefix=${TRAINED_CKPT_PREFIX} \
    --output_directory=${EXPORT_DIR}
```
